feat: add support for SQL instance edition (#88)
entur/terraform-google-sql-db: README.md

| non-production | Shared vCPU    | <1  | 600 MB  | No               |
| production     | Dedicated vCPU | 1   | 3840 MB | Yes              |

### Edition

> Selecting the **Enterprise Plus** edition will cause a database restart, leading to downtime. Additionally, it significantly increases costs. Carefully evaluate your requirements before choosing this edition.

Reviewer: I like this paragraph, but perhaps it could be under the input in the module README.md? Perhaps also with some slight changes? Suggestion:

```
Changing this will cause a database restart on existing instances. Choosing **Enterprise Plus** (`enterprise_plus`) over **Enterprise** (`enterprise`) can also increase costs. Carefully evaluate your requirements before choosing this edition.
```

Reviewer 2: uppercase https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/sql_database_instance#edition-1 maybe also fix the suggestions below :)

> Selecting the **Enterprise Plus** edition will cause a database restart, leading to downtime. Additionally, it significantly increases costs. Carefully evaluate your requirements before choosing this edition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changing this will cause a database restart on existing instances. Choosing **Enterprise Plus** (`ENTERPRISE_PLUS`) over **Enterprise** (`ENTERPRISE`) can also increase costs. Carefully evaluate your requirements before choosing this edition.
```
